Hello!

Below you can find a outline of how to reproduce my solution for the <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition.
If you run into any trouble with the setup/code or have any questions please contact me at <1136337803@qq.com>

#ARCHIVE CONTENTS
###as-data-minification.ipynb: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset minification.
###fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-train-df.ipynb: Used to generate training set.
###fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-test-df.ipynb: Used to generate test sets.
###fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-xgb-fr7d12-fold0.ipynb: First fold model trained using cross validation with kfold = 2.
###fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-xgb-fr7d12-fold1.ipynb: Second fold model trained using cross validation with kfold = 2.
###fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-xgb-fr7d12-pred.ipynb: Model prediction.
###xgb_kfold_1.bin: Model files generated by the "fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-xgb-fr7d12-fold0" kernel.
###xgb_kfold_2.bin: Model files generated by the "fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-xgb-fr7d12-fold1" kernel.
###submission.csv: Prediction files generated by the "fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-xgb-fr7d12-pred" kernel. 
###readme.md

#HARDWARE: (The following specs were used to create the original solution)
Kaggle kernel hardware

#SOFTWARE:
Kaggle kernel software

#OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS:
It is recommended that the competition host reproduce the solution directly in the shared kaggle kernel. 
Here is the relevant code description:

##Note:
###All code should run in kaggle kernel and All kernels should import the <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset. 
###Only after one kernel successfully runs and generates output files can it be imported into another kernel.
###Before reproducing this solution, please make sure to successfully reproduce the "exception_label" solution. Make sure "exception_label/fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5" runs successfully and generates output files. Of course, you can also directly use the same kernel that I shared in kaggle, the address is [https://www.kaggle.com/firstbloody/fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5](https://www.kaggle.com/firstbloody/fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5 "https://www.kaggle.com/firstbloody/fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5").


##model1: A 2 folds XGBoost model, I call it model1.
###Please run the kernels in the following order. Only after one kernel successfully runs and generates output files can it be imported into another kernel.
####1) "as-data-minification.ipynb"
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset** 
- **output: train.pkl, test.pkl, building_metadata.pkl, weather_train.pkl, weather_test.pkl**
####2) "fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-train-df.ipynb"
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset, as-data-minification, exception_label/fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5** 
- **output: train_df.pkl**
####3) "fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-test-df.ipynb"
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset, as-data-minification, exception_label/fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5** 
- **output: test_df.pkl**
####4) "fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-xgb-fr7d12-fold0.ipynb"
- **Turn on the GPU**
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset, fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-train-df** 
- **output: T_RESULTS.pkl, xgb_kfold_1.bin, xgb_kfold_1.dat, xgb_kfold_1.model**
- **Due to the parameter setting of "tree_method = 'gpu_hist'", the generated model file   "xgb_kfold_1.bin" may be different from the "xgb_kfold_1.bin" model file contained in the "model1" folder, but the model effect should be basically the same**
####5) "fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-xgb-fr7d12-fold1.ipynb"
- **Turn on the GPU**
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset, fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-train-df** 
- **output: T_RESULTS.pkl, xgb_kfold_2.bin, xgb_kfold_2.dat, xgb_kfold_2.model**
- **Due to the parameter setting of "tree_method = 'gpu_hist'", the generated model file   "xgb_kfold_2.bin" may be different from the "xgb_kfold_2.bin" model file contained in the "model1" folder, but the model effect should be basically the same**
####6) "fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-xgb-fr7d12-pred.ipynb"
- **Turn on the GPU**
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset, fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-test-df, fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-xgb-fr7d12-fold0, fork-of-as-2kfold-model6-xgb-fr7d12-fold1** 
- **output: submission.csv**
- **Due to the parameter setting of "tree_method = 'gpu_hist'", the generated prediction file   "submission.csv" may be different from the "submission.csv" prediction file contained in the "model1" folder.**