Hello!

Below you can find a outline of how to reproduce my solution for the <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition.
If you run into any trouble with the setup/code or have any questions please contact me at <1136337803@qq.com>

#ARCHIVE CONTENTS
###ashrae-eda-2.ipynb
###ashrae-test-exception-label.ipynb
###ashrae-eda-exception-label1.ipynb
###fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label2.ipynb
###ashrae-eda-exception-label5.ipynb
###fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5.ipynb
###train_exception.pkl: Kernel "fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5" output file. Used in model1 and model2.
###test_exception.pkl: Kernel "fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5" output file. But not used.
###readme.md

#HARDWARE: (The following specs were used to create the original solution)
Kaggle kernel hardware

#SOFTWARE:
Kaggle kernel software

#OPERATING INSTRUCTIONS:
It is recommended that the competition host reproduce the solution directly in the shared kaggle kernel. 
Here is the relevant code description:

##Note:
#####All code should run in kaggle kernel and All kernels should import the <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset. 
#####Only after one kernel successfully runs and generates output files can it be imported into another kernel.


##exception_label: This solution is used to generate the exception label file "train_exception.pkl". 
###Multiple kernels in this folder will generate the "train_exception.pkl" file, but the "train_exception.pkl" file required in the end is generated by the "fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5" kernel.
###Please run the kernels in the following order. Only after one kernel successfully runs and generates output files can it be imported into another kernel.
####1) "ashrae-eda-2.ipynb"
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset** 
- **output: train_exception.pkl**
####2) "ashrae-test-exception-label.ipynb"
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset, ashrae-eda-2** 
- **output: test_exception.pkl**
####3) "ashrae-eda-exception-label1.ipynb"
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset, ashrae-eda-2, ashrae-test-exception-label** 
- **output: train_exception.pkl, test_exception.pkl**
####4) "fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label2.ipynb"
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset, ashrae-eda-exception-label1** 
- **output: train_exception.pkl, test_exception.pkl**
####5) "ashrae-eda-exception-label5.ipynb"
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset, fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label2** 
- **output: train_exception.pkl, test_exception.pkl**
####6) "fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5.ipynb"
- **input: <ASHRAE - Great Energy Predictor III> competition dataset, fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label2, ashrae-eda-exception-label5** 
- **output: train_exception.pkl, test_exception.pkl**


###The "fork-of-ashrae-eda-exception-label5" kernel and its output file "train_exception.pkl" that have been successfully run will be used in model1 and model2.
